README.md, before:

# <img style="float: left; width: 35px; padding: 0 10px 0 5px" src="https://github.com/jeroen-meijer/pubspec-assist/blob/e2dd62bfd744c6c41ed40870200903e04f5c91dd/images/logo_35.png?raw=true"> Pubspec Assist (Beta)

## Easily add dependencies to your Dart / Flutter project.

---

Pubspec Assist is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to easily add dependencies to your [Dart](https://www.dartlang.org/) and [Flutter](https://www.flutter.io/) project's `pubspec.yaml`, all without leaving your editor.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/W2cGuPL.gif" style="width: 600px"/>

## Download

[Download the latest version here.](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jeroen-meijer.pubspec-assist)

## Features

### Get the latest version for your packages.

**Pubspec Assist will get you the latest version of whatever package you are looking for** and puts it in your `pubspec.yaml` file while preserving comments and formats the file automatically.

### Never leave VS Code.

**Forget going to the Dart Pub site to search for your packages and copy the dependency text.**<br/>
You can look for and import packages directly from VS Code without ever switching windows.

### Smart (Fuzzy) search.

**Pubspec Assist is smart about finding what you're trying to search for.**<br>
It gets you the most likely package you want, and will give you a selection to choose from otherwise and **sorts them by relevance**.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Mnlr0UK.gif" style="width: 560px" />

---

## Requirements

- Visual Studio Code
- An internet connection
- A sense of relief after installation.

## Roadmap

Some features planned for the future in order of expected implementation.

- [ ] Ability to add dependencies without opening `pubspec.yaml`.
- [ ] Auto-complete while searching.
- [ ] Automatically check for updates to existing dependencies.

## Note to users

**Since Pubspec Assist is still in beta, you may encounter bugs when using it. However, you can always revert the changes made, just by undoing the action** by hitting `Cmd+Z` or `Ctrl+Z`.

If you have any bugs or feature requests to report, please check out the issues on the GitHub repository page or create a new one.

Commit message:

1.0.0: First official release.
### Added

- Add dependencies to your pubspec without having the file open (thank you to [@mychaelgo](https://github.com/mychaelgo)!). (Merged from PR: #17)
- Ability to add `dev_dependencies`.

### Changed

- Changed "Add dependency" to "Add/update dependency" to better represent actual behavior.
- Improved and enforced formatting rules.
- Upgrade dependency versions for security reasons (again).

README.md, after:

# <img style="float: left; width: 35px; padding: 0 10px 0 5px" src="https://github.com/jeroen-meijer/pubspec-assist/blob/e2dd62bfd744c6c41ed40870200903e04f5c91dd/images/logo_35.png?raw=true"> Pubspec Assist (Beta)

## Easily add dependencies to your Dart / Flutter project.

Pubspec Assist is a Visual Studio Code extension that allows you to easily add dependencies to your [Dart](https://dart.dev/) and [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) project's `pubspec.yaml`, all without leaving your editor.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/W2cGuPL.gif" style="width: 600px"/>

## Download

[Download the latest version here.](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=jeroen-meijer.pubspec-assist)

## Features

### Get the latest version for your packages.

**Pubspec Assist will get you the latest version of whatever package you are looking for** and puts it in your `pubspec.yaml` file while preserving comments and formats the file automatically. If you already have the package in your `pubspec.yaml`, Pubspec Assist automatically updates it to the latest version for you.

### Never leave VS Code.

**Forget going to the Dart Pub site to search for your packages and copy the dependency text.**<br/>
You can look for and import packages directly from VS Code without ever switching windows.

### Smart (Fuzzy) search.

**Pubspec Assist is smart about finding what you're trying to search for.**<br/>
It gets you the most likely package you want and will give you a selection to choose from otherwise and **sorts them by relevance**.

### Compatible with multiple projects.

**Pubspec Assist will add your new dependencies to the `pubspec.yaml` that's open in your editor.**<br/>
Don't have your `pubspec.yaml` file opened? No problem - the package will be added to the `pubspec.yaml` in the root of your workspace.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/Mnlr0UK.gif" style="width: 560px" />

---

## Requirements

- Visual Studio Code
- An internet connection
- A sense of relief after installation.

## Roadmap

Some features that are planned for the future, in order of expected implementation.

- Auto-complete while searching.

## Bugs and feature requests

If you have any bugs or feature requests to report, please check out the issues on the GitHub repository page or create a new one.
